document existing Keycloak configuration (#97)
TNG/keycloak-mock: example-frontend-react/README.md

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

> ## Pre-requisites

Reviewer: I think the hyphen should be removed.

Author: Indeed. Fascinating ...

Before you can run this web app, you need a running Keycloak service. For this, you can either start
a real Keycloak server:

```bash
./gradlew example-integration-docker:realKeycloakComposeUp
```

> The server has a pre-configured user `user` with password `user` in realm `realm` and

Author: ```suggestion
The server has a preconfigured user `user` with password `user` in realm `realm` and
```
